2) change 9 t0 65
3) shorten click sfx
4) add a button or an option to silence sfx
5) need to stop repeated questions, each bank has 150 questions so there is no need for them to repeated
6) reps in the time trial stays at 0
7) at the end of the time trial i was given a score of 100 but this was not right
8) still only getting one target prioritie9) 
9) at the end of the e
10) radio buttons changes all are squared 
11) make sure ascended masters updates with the latest scores, 
12) add more than 1 video to each subject in certs


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   git hub token

git init

git add .

git commit -m "First commit of my PLC automation scripts"

git push -u origin master

git status

stripe login

stripe listen --forward-to localhost:8080/api/payment/webhook

stripe listen --print-secret

whsec_f21a4eb11aa6924a39d48862bfb9e0b6de3485c9732b45d6f0cf0bbce0be78b8

Screenshots/Video Demos: Show the UI (Vue) and functionality in action.

Snippet Highlights: Share a few "safe" lines of code that show off your logic without revealing the whole system.

Link to Live Site: If you have it hosted on Google Cloud, provide the link so they can test the final product.

2. Choose the Right License
If you decide to keep the code Public, you must include a LICENSE file. Without one, the "default copyright" applies (people can look but not copy), but it’s legally "gray."

GPLv3: This is a "Copyleft" license. It allows others to use your code, but if they build something with it, they must also make their project open-source. This discourages companies from "stealing" it for proprietary products.

Creative Commons (No Derivatives): While usually for media, you can apply "CC BY-ND" which allows people to share your work but forbids them from changing it or building upon it.

3. Use a .gitignore for Sensitive Data
Before pushing anything, ensure you aren't leaking the "keys to the castle."

API Keys & Secrets: Never push your Google Cloud credentials or database passwords.

Environment Variables: Use a .env file for your configurations and add .env to your .gitignore file.

Build Artifacts: Ignore folders like /target (Java) or node_modules.

4. GitHub Settings to Tweak
In your repository's Settings tab, look for these options:

Limit Invitations: Ensure only you can invite collaborators.

Branch Protection: If you do let someone else contribute, set up "Branch Protection Rules" to require a pull request and your personal approval before any code is merged into the main branch.